feat: Usb set framerate (#1168)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/device/supported/device-usb-camera/supplementary-info/advanced-options.md

    RUN sed -i 's,externalAuthenticationURL:,externalAuthenticationURL: http://localhost:8000/rtspauth,g' rtsp-simple-server.yml
    ```

## Set Device Parameters
### Set frame rate
This option sets the frame rate for the capture device.

> 1. Execute the `DataFormat` api call to see the available framerates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute the `DataFormat` api call to see the available frame rates for a device video streaming path:
```

```bash

> curl http://localhost:59882/api/v3/device/name/<device name>/DataFormat?PathIndex=<device path>

Reviewer: You probably should also let the user know what is this device path and give an example on how to use it.

    RUN sed -i 's,externalAuthenticationURL:,externalAuthenticationURL: http://localhost:8000/rtspauth,g' rtsp-simple-server.yml
    ```

## Set Device Configuration Parameters
### Set frame rate
This option sets the frame rate for the capture device.

1. Before setting the frame rate first execute the `DataFormat` api to see the available frame rates of a device for any of its video streaming path:

    !!! example - "Example DataFormat Command"
        ```bash
        curl http://localhost:59882/api/v3/device/name/<device name>/DataFormat?PathIndex=<path_index>
        ```
   
    !!! Note
        The `path_index` refers to the index of the device video streaming path from the path list. For e.g. if a usb device has one

>         video streaming path such as /dev/video0 the `path_index` value will be 0. In case of Intel real sense cameras there are three video 

Author: `Intel&#8482 RealSense&#174`

Author: That will render trademark and copyright info
